todos.md, before:


--- History 

--- Todos on front 

Scrollbar fix 

Add hirizontal scrollbar

--- Project statuses 

--- Client FeedBack

Project types disable if not match the queryString 
Order data for project 


Online Chat:  
- send message from customer to manager 
- infinity scrolling and change chat large loading 


Refact stylying 
Error  showsystem 
Perfect scroll mobile 
Alert system 
Pdf-export 

Order status history and order index 
Order more seeding 

if sort and filter too fast app work is wrong  
Search by guest name 
customers visibility on others pc 
user tags autocomplite 
link icon types 
group by problem 

--- DB 

[Phone](https://petrenco.com/mysql.php?txt=168)

Как разделить номера 

Есть две роли киент и рабочий. У них есть общее поля(имя,почта), но больше различий (у работника - рарплата, у пользователя - отзывы и тд.). Стоит ли вынослить их в отдельные таблицы, а общее хранить в таблице users. И их вообще разделить полностью? Или как?

Commit message:

fix db query problem for orders and non-uniqe entries

todos.md, after:



Scrollbar fix 

Add horizontal scrollbar

--- Project statuses 

Project types disable if not match the queryString 


Refact stylying 
Error  showsystem 
Perfect scroll mobile 
Alert system 
Pdf-export 

Order more seeding 


Search by guest name + 

Online Chat:  
- send message from customer to manager 
- infinity scrolling and change chat large loading 

Role Guard 

if sort and filter too fast app work is wrong  


customers visibility on others pc 
user tags autocomplite 
link icon types 

query string for saved state of page 

--- DB 

[Phone](https://petrenco.com/mysql.php?txt=168)

Как разделить номера 

Есть две роли киент и рабочий. У них есть общее поля(имя,почта), но больше различий (у работника - рарплата, у пользователя - отзывы и тд.). Стоит ли вынослить их в отдельные таблицы, а общее хранить в таблице users. И их вообще разделить полностью? Или как? 





if change chat new messages no loading
